# **SUPERSET VISION STATEMENT** #

“Superset” is an Android application that will be used to help gym-goers visualize their progress at the gym. Gym-goers will be able to create workouts within the app and have the ability to note down specific information about their routines when at the gym. Gym-goers will also be able to keep track of the time spent working out, the time spent resting, and the total time spent in a gym session. Each gym session will be stored within the app and will be visible in a calendar. This calendar will have several views, one for each timeframe.

Superset will allow gym-goers to schedule workouts ahead of time. The app will also have the option to set a workout count goal over an amount of time for added motivation that will be visible on the calendar page. Gym-goers will be able to set the amount of times they want to work out as well as the period of time in which they want to reach said goal. The app will also remind gym-goers about the scheduled workout of the day and will congratulate them on reaching goals as positive reinforcement.

Superset will also have the option for users to upload progress pictures and their weight in order for them to track their progress better. The app will remind them on a set time interval. Furthermore, the app will combine the gym-goer's progress updates and their workout goal together quarterly throughout the year and present it as a recollection of the user’s progress.

In general, people have busy schedules and find it hard to find time to be active and go to the gym. Moreover, when people do find time to be active, they may procrastinate due to a lack of proper motivation. This is where our app Superset becomes valuable. Superset’s main purpose is to make workouts easier, as the workout logging feature exists to lessen the mental load of remembering repetition and set counts that gym-goers face while at the gym. Superset also acts as extra motivation. With the workout count goal, quarterly updates, and workout reminders, the app serves as a reward system for going to the gym and completing workouts. This motivates gym-goers to adhere to their workout schedules and live a healthier life.

Because the main purpose of Superset is to motivate users to reach their own workout goals, the app does not need to store in-depth information about exercises and workouts. Instead, it only allows users to enter their own exercises and routines. This separates Superset from other exercise apps as most apps serve as a guide to help beginners find routines, whereas Superset solely keeps track of progress and visualizes a gym-goer’s progress at the gym.

Superset will be considered successful if the majority of gym-goers that use it find the main feature (in-gym workout logging) useful during their workouts, determined by a survey. It will also be considered successful if users regularly reach 75% of their workout count goal, upload picture/weight updates, and interact with reminders.

